[OSDOCS-5529]: Updating links to RHACM docs (#60852)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-enabling-assisted-installer-service-on-bare-metal.adoc

* You have logged in to the hub cluster as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

> * You have enabled the assisted service on the hub cluster. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_lifecycle/create_infra_env#enable-cim[Enabling the Central Infrastructure Management Service].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have enabled the assisted service on the hub cluster. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#enable-cim[Enabling the Central Infrastructure Management service].
```
